5.1 - Add crypto policies setup workflow (bsc#1253505) (#5068)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: en/modules/common-workflows/pages/workflow-customize-security-policies.adoc

[[workflow-customize-security-policies]]
= Customize security policies on the server
:revdate: 2020-06-24
:page-revdate: {revdate}

> The default allowed security algorithms on the server may contain weak ones.

Reviewer: This intro section feels difficult to read, suggested improvement: 

The cryptographic policies in the {productname} server container may not match the security policies your organization enforces on the Podman host.

This workflow shows how to restrict those algorithms by mounting the host’s cryptographic policies into the container. A `systemd` drop-in file handles the volume mount at startup, keeping container and host policies consistent across restarts and lifecycle changes.

Author: I agree, sounds better. If @cbosdo approves, we can make this change and also add it to master branch.

> The default allowed security algorithms on the server may contain weak ones.

Author: ```suggestion
The cryptographic policies in the {productname} server container may not match the security policies your organization enforces on the Podman host.
```

> This workflow shows you how to apply the same policies in the {productname} server container than on the container host on podman.

Author: ```suggestion
This workflow shows how to restrict those algorithms by mounting the host’s cryptographic policies into the container. 
A `systemd` drop-in file handles the volume mount at startup, keeping container and host policies consistent across restarts and lifecycle changes.
```
